Update clean changes (#129)
infinum/rails-handbook: Workflows/GIT/Clean changes.md

```bash
git fetch origin master
git rebase -i origin/master
```

> This will start interactive rebase. You can edit it through terminal or your editor of choice.

Reviewer: the terminal also has an editor, so I'd keep it simpler :)

```suggestion
This will start interactive rebase. You can edit it with your editor of choice.
```

> To set default editor setup default editor before starting rebase:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set the default editor you'll need to edit the git configuration:
```

```bash
git config core.editor "{editor-name} --wait"
```

> E.g. for visual studio code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples for visual studio code, atom and vim:
```

```bash

> git config core.editor "code --wait"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git config core.editor "code --wait"
git config core.editor "atom --wait"
git config core.editor "vim --wait"
```

```

Refer to [this](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Appendix-C%3A-Git-Commands-Setup-and-Config) guide

> for your editor of choice.

Reviewer: So we don't have word repetition 🙂 

```suggestion
for more information.
```

> Pick s (squash) for all commits to squash them into a single commit. Edit commit message, save and close editor to finish the rebase.

Reviewer: I don't really understand this sentence. I can assume what you wanna say because I know what it's about, but beginners will be confused.

Please change the structure of this sentence and I'd suggest to screenshot an interactive rebase with 5 or 6 commits, some flagged as pick and some with `squash` or even `fixup`. The as the last sentence, add this information that it can be automatically done with a flag.
